we don't have that we're gonna be like
car crash the whole way through today's
session went a lot better than yesterday
session let's just say that day three I
really feel like Scott's starting to
feel the floor and and get an idea of
what I'm after doing two and three more
it looks really basic and it looks
really easy but then as soon as you have
to actually do it it's like quantum
science
I think Scott definitely has a tendency
to to want to be great which is is what
we all strive for you're not going to
enter a dance competition and want to
look you know mediocre so I think it's
an argument with yourself to be the best
you can be
the whole experience of it is a you're
vulnerable you know you feel like you're
stupid you don't know what you're doing
it's all these things but then when when
you actually get it it's so liberating
you planted yourself yeah when you try I
sometimes you try too much and acting
it's less is more there which so it's me
and drama stories in life we don't go
you know that's that's in your own mind
you think you're gonna be a dancer so
you go ahead times you know and then
they go slap